README.md, before:

# Nice Identity

 > NICE Identity and Access Management
 
 IdAM is currently used in the following services:
 
 * [Identity management](https://github.com/nice-digital/identity-management)
 * [Consultation comments](https://github.com/nice-digital/consultations)
 * EPPI
  
 
### Browser support

- IE: 11 and above
- Chrome: (Current - 1) and Current
- Edge: (Current - 1) and Current
- Firefox: (Current - 1) and Current
- Safari: (Current - 1) and Current

### Technical stack
- [.NET Core 3.1](https://github.com/dotnet/core) on the server
    - [xUnit.net](https://xunit.github.io/) for .NET unit tests
    - [Shouldly](https://github.com/shouldly/shouldly) for .NET assertions
    - [KDiff](http://kdiff3.sourceforge.net/) for diffing approvals tests
- [SQL Server](https://www.microsoft.com/en-gb/sql-server/sql-server-2017) as our database
    - [Entity Framework Core](https://github.com/aspnet/EntityFrameworkCore) as an ORM
    - [EF Core In-Memory Database Provider](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/providers/in-memory/) for integration tests
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) front-end
    - [Jest](https://facebook.github.io/jest/) for JavaScript tests
    - [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for JavaScript linting
- [SASS](https://sass-lang.com/) as a CSS pre-processor
- [WebdriverIO](http://webdriver.io/) for automated functional testing
- [NICE Design System](https://github.com/nice-digital/nice-design-system/) for NICE styling front-end
    - [NICE Icons](https://github.com/nice-digital/nice-icons) for icon webfont
- [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) bundling and minification.
- [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for javascript transpilation

### Getting Started

Solution is only tested in Visual Studio 2019. ymmv in other IDE's.

Install [NPM Task Runner Visual Studio Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MadsKristensen.NPMTaskRunner) 

Install [KDiff3](http://kdiff3.sourceforge.net/) kdiff is currently expected to be installed here: `C:\Program Files\KDiff3\kdiff3.exe` changing this install location will mean the integration test diffing will fallback to vsDiffMerge.

Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

In Visual Studio, go to Tools > Options > Projects and Solutions > Web Package Management 
add the path to the Node installation at the top of the list. It'll be either `C:\Program Files\nodejs` or `C:\Program Files (x86)\nodejs` depending on whether you installed the x64 or x86 version of Node.js.

#### Secrets.json

The application's uses appsettings.json to store configuration. However, since this is a public repository, confidential configuration information (e.g. db connection string) is stored in secrets.json
In order to run the application correctly (with it having access to a database), you'll need to acquire (from another dev) or create a secrets.json file with the correct configuration information in. For more  information see: [https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/app-secrets?tabs=visual-studio](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/app-secrets?tabs=visual-studio)

#### Nuget sources

The application currently uses a logging nuget package located on a local nuget server. You'll need to ask another developer on the project to get access to this nuget server. 

#### Webpack bundling

The Javascript in the project should be written in ES6 syntax. It gets transpiled to ES5 by babel, using webpack.
The project has been configured via Task Runner Explorer in Visual Studio to run `webpack --watch` when the project is opened. If you don't use Visual Studio, you'll need to start a command prompt running that command in order to build the javascript and CSS.

Commit message:

IDAM-566 Changed field name, added logging and Auth0 synching

README.md, after:

# Nice Identity

 > NICE Identity and Access Management
 
 IdAM is currently used in the following services:
 
 * [Identity management](https://github.com/nice-digital/identity-management)
 * [Consultation comments](https://github.com/nice-digital/consultations)
 * EPPI
  
 
### Browser support

- IE: 11 and above
- Chrome: (Current - 1) and Current
- Edge: (Current - 1) and Current
- Firefox: (Current - 1) and Current
- Safari: (Current - 1) and Current

### Technical stack
- [.NET Core 3.1](https://github.com/dotnet/core) on the server
    - [xUnit.net](https://xunit.github.io/) for .NET unit tests
    - [Shouldly](https://github.com/shouldly/shouldly) for .NET assertions
    - [KDiff](http://kdiff3.sourceforge.net/) for diffing approvals tests
- [SQL Server](https://www.microsoft.com/en-gb/sql-server/sql-server-2017) as our database
    - [Entity Framework Core](https://github.com/aspnet/EntityFrameworkCore) as an ORM
    - [EF Core In-Memory Database Provider](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/providers/in-memory/) for integration tests
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) front-end
    - [Jest](https://facebook.github.io/jest/) for JavaScript tests
    - [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for JavaScript linting
- [SASS](https://sass-lang.com/) as a CSS pre-processor
- [WebdriverIO](http://webdriver.io/) for automated functional testing
- [NICE Design System](https://github.com/nice-digital/nice-design-system/) for NICE styling front-end
    - [NICE Icons](https://github.com/nice-digital/nice-icons) for icon webfont
- [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) bundling and minification.
- [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for javascript transpilation

### Getting Started

Solution is only tested in Visual Studio 2019. Your experience may differ in other IDE's.

Install [NPM Task Runner Visual Studio Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MadsKristensen.NPMTaskRunner) 

Install [KDiff3](http://kdiff3.sourceforge.net/) kdiff is currently expected to be installed here: `C:\Program Files\KDiff3\kdiff3.exe` changing this install location will mean the integration test diffing will fallback to vsDiffMerge.

Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

In Visual Studio, go to Tools > Options > Projects and Solutions > Web Package Management 
add the path to the Node installation at the top of the list. It'll be either `C:\Program Files\nodejs` or `C:\Program Files (x86)\nodejs` depending on whether you installed the x64 or x86 version of Node.js.

Change the dropdown next to the green play button to "NICE.RoleManagement.WebAPI", you might also need to disable IIS Express.

#### Database

You will need a copy of the test database, try to aquire this from another developer. If you are unable to do so, you can run the entity framework codefirst migrations. This will generate a barebones database. 

If you want to connect to the API with the front end (identity-management) You will need to add a record to the Users table with your Auth0|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx username in the NameIdentifier field. You can Then associate yourself with every role in the roles table using the "UserRoles" table. You can pick and choose the specific roles for Identity Admin if you want to be a bit more delicate.

#### Redis server

This application uses a data store called Redis to capture and store Tokens from Auth0. You will need to run a local version of Redis using WSL in a command prompt or Chocolatey. Go to [https://redis.io/docs/getting-started/](https://redis.io/docs/getting-started/) to get started, the instructions are well written.

#### Secrets.json

The application's uses appsettings.json to store configuration. However, since this is a public repository, confidential configuration information (e.g. db connection string) is stored in secrets.json
In order to run the application correctly (with it having access to a database), you'll need to acquire (from another dev) or create a secrets.json file with the correct configuration information in. For more  information see: [https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/app-secrets?tabs=visual-studio](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/app-secrets?tabs=visual-studio)

If you are creating from scratch, the key sections are:
 - ConnectionStrings (The database connection for the roles database)
 - Logging (The RabbitMQ server to send logs to)
 - IdentityApiConfiguration (see below...)
 - Auth0ManagementApiConfiguration (see below...)
 - Email (settings for the smtp server used by the emailing functionality)

**IdentityApiConfiguration** The Identity API itself needs to authenticate and authorise people who are using it. So like any other implementation (Consultations/EPPI/etc...) it needs to be set up with a link to an application in Auth0, there should be one called "Identity Admin"

**Auth0ManagementApiConfiguration** The Identity API also needs the ability to edit/update/delete users in Auth0. This needs elevated privileges and is done through a different endpoint, that appears by default (and is not deletable) on the tenant. It will be called "API Explorer Application".

If you have access to the Auth0 tenant, you can get the client IDs and secrets from **Applications > Applications** on the left hand menu.

#### Nuget sources

The application currently uses a logging nuget package located on a local nuget server. You'll need to ask another developer on the project to get access to this nuget server. 

#### Webpack bundling

The Javascript in the project should be written in ES6 syntax. It gets transpiled to ES5 by babel, using webpack.
The project has been configured via Task Runner Explorer in Visual Studio to run `webpack --watch` when the project is opened. If you don't use Visual Studio, you'll need to start a command prompt running that command in order to build the javascript and CSS.
